[VPDQ]Add vpdq/python/readme for Pypi usage (#1143)
facebook/ThreatExchange: vpdq/python/README.md

# vpdq

> This is a Python binding library to the vPDQ (video PDQ) hashing algorithm by Facebook. The project is at [github](https://github.com/facebook/ThreatExchange/tree/main/vpdq)

Reviewer: Facebook => Meta

## Installation
### Install library
```
pip install --upgrade pip

> pip install vpdq

Reviewer: (ignorable): Suggest only showing the installation command itself, pip will complain it needs an update when you use it

```
### Install FFmpeg

> Before using VPDQ to create hashes, FFmpeg must be installed. (Easier to use if Accessible via the `$PATH` environment variable)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using VPDQ to create hashes, you must install FFmpeg. FFmpeg is easiest to use if accessible via the `$PATH` environment variable.
```

There are a variety of ways to install FFmpeg, such as the [official download links](https://ffmpeg.org/download.html), or using your package manager of choice (e.g. `sudo apt install ffmpeg` on Debian/Ubuntu, `brew install ffmpeg` on OS X, etc.).

Regardless of how FFmpeg is installed, you can check if your environment path is set correctly by running the `ffmpeg` command from the terminal, as in the following example (truncated for brevity):

```
$ ffmpeg

> ffmpeg version 4.4.2 Copyright (c) 2000-2021 the FFmpeg developers

Reviewer: Is this the -L output?

Author: Just `ffmpeg` also outputs this information

```

> **Note**: The actual version information displayed here may vary from one system to another; but if a message such as `ffmpeg: command not found` appears instead of the version information, FFmpeg is not properly installed.

> ### Usage

Reviewer: (ignorable): Something I always wish we had done is made a bash-friendly CLI for pdq that simply hashes a file.

This is easy to do with python. The output could same/similar to `threatexchange hash -S video_pdq video file.txt`
```
$ vpdq file.mp4
0,e271017837246aaccddea259648fb7d62f435c89d9e99b2497763e216c8d055c,100,0.00
1,c0f11178372c6aaccddea259648fbfd62f434c89c9e99b249772be216c8d055c,98,1.00
2,c0f10b78372c6aacc5dea25b748fb7d22f434c89c9a9db249772b6216c8d855c,80,2.00
3,c0f00b7837247aaccddea25b128fb7d22f434c894da9cb349776b621668dc55c,100,3.00
```
